after watching this video you're never
going to pay for a plane ticket or hotel
state again hopefully
wait that sounds too good to be true
maybe huh and before you think this is
some gimmick to get you to sign up for a
service that ends up ruining your entire
life hear me out
yo what's good my name's andy i'm 23
years old and i've built multiple
seven-figure online e-commerce brands
and for the past two years i've been on
the road traveling abroad working
directly for my laptop since then i've
traveled to 25 countries in over 50
destination cities and i haven't spent a
penny on flights or hotel states meeting
new people immersing myself in different
cultures and being in foreign
environments is what i love to do and
i've been fortunate enough to do it for
free with a little bit of baseline
knowledge on credit that i'm about to
share with all you guys that are
watching right now there's going to be
so much value in this video and it does
take me time to come up with all this
information and spit it out to you guys
in a 15 minute or less video so it would
mean the absolute world if you guys
could destroy that like button
and of course subscribe because we are
going to be doing videos just like this
every single week and those you guys
that watch my videos know that i do a
free one-on-one call giveaway each week
where you can ask me anything business
e-commerce related i'm gonna help you
out with any of those ventures and all
you got to do is like this video be
subscribed and comment below which place
you want to travel to once you figure
all this stuff out and i'll be
announcing this week's giveaway winner
at the end of this video all right let's
get you some free flight
yes absolutely free i don't know why you
guys would not be doing this already
but if you're not we're gonna hop into
this video and teach you okay so last
year was an absolute mission to say the
least over 50 destination cities i don't
even know how many countries 25 plus
countries not a dime spent and i could
easily run my business from the comforts
of my home stay in my city but why would
i do that when i could be in a different
country and collect new foreign
experiences okay but how did i do this
how how how did i do this doing a little
something called credit training well
what is credit training you may ask
credit training is essentially when you
open up various credit card accounts to
receive benefits such as cash back miles
or rewards points and if you watch my
last video you know that i briefly spoke
about this when i first heard about
credit training i thought it was way too
good to be true i even thought it was a
scam because
you know my perception of travel was
paying for your flights in your hotel
rooms with cash or your credit card
traveling as a kid i remember being
super jealous come on shop five be quiet
for a little bit if i ever be super
jealous of all those people that i'll be
in those luxury lounges that would be
skipping the lines business class first
class seats and i thought it was just
for the super super wealthy well now
from what i know if you simply know how
to leverage your credit any average joe
can do it and after my first trip to
bali using these methods that i'm about
to show you i realized that this was the
real deal like this was legit you can
actually do this and if i want to do
this again all i had to do was replicate
the same process on any place that i
want to go and so i did all right so
let's finally just get into this thing
step one what's the first thing you need
to do all right so the first thing you
need to do is have an established credit
line and then sign up for a credit card
that has a welcome bonus for either
travel or cash back two spend the
minimum amount to achieve this welcome
bonus and the key here is to only spend
money on the card on things you would
pay for anyway so you can put anything
on this card you put your food you can
put your clothes you put your rank but
your car insurance until you hit that
minimum amount to receive this welcome
bonus once the closing date has hit and
you've paid off your credit card from
your link bank account all you got to do
is simply go to the credit card website
and you can either redeem or transfer
your points for free flights hotels
rental cars and even activities and boom
just like that you've learned how to
hack the credit travel system but keep
in mind each credit card from company to
company is going to be different and
they're going to try and showcase as
much value as they can to get you to
choose them over their competitor some
things they might offer are large
welcome bonuses airline credits access
to luxury lounges free subscription
services and they do stuff like this to
look appealing they want people to sign
up for their credit card company over
the other guys because the more people
that they have the more money they make
the more revenue that they incur and
they make money in one of two ways first
one is annual fees which is the cost of
having the car they charge you an alum
some fee usually on a yearly basis so
it's essentially like a subscription and
two interest on money you don't pay off
each month at usually interest rates
like 17 to 25
and you only pay money
if you hold the balance on that credit
card for that month so all you got to do
to avoid this is pay off your credit
card each month the remaining statement
balance or just use your credit card as
a debit card it's really not that hard
if you pay off your card you're not
going to be like one of those people
that have those crazy horror stories of
them owing their life's earnings being
in debt so just pay off your entire
spend at the end of each statement
closing date the best thing you can
possibly do is set up autopay so that
your bank account is automatically
charged so you're not stressing about
any missed payments getting marked by
the credit bureau or getting charged any
interest some of these cars do have
annual fees so you're gonna have to
figure out which cards you want to sign
up for which ones are gonna be worth it
so we can do right now is actually go
over some cards that i use and recommend
kind of ironic two days ago i got robbed
so i don't have any credit cards anymore
no platinum no
business gold no gold they're all
getting shipped back home i'm currently
in argentina kind of like a robbery
prone
country
but you know you live and you learn
anyway let's do it all right so if you
guys travel a ton i highly suggest the
amex platinum that's the card that i
have so let's go in and
show you guys all the benefits so here
is the amex platinum they keep changing
all the benefits let's just look at what
they have now so it's five times on
uh travel so flights in hotels you're
gonna get five times worse points which
you know isn't that much i think
everything else is one one x the mx
centurion lounge and then you also have
access to priority pass which i would
show you the card if i have it i don't
that is amazing so you can pretty much
go to how many lounges 1400 lounges 500
plus airports every airport that i've
ever been to has already passed access
so that's really awesome you get free
food free drinks and then you get 240
annual digital entertainment credit so
it's like disney plus 20 each month
a 200 hotel credit at the fine hotels
and suites which is super nice
uh so you know fine hotels and resorts
sorry you get you know free
and then airline credit you pick an
airline if you want to go to american
airlines you want to go to delta you
pick that airline and then you can use
200 towards that not towards flights but
towards baggage fees or food
walmart plus i personally would never
use that 200 uber cash now this is all
when it says 200 it's not like flat out
that would be great but it's per month
so 15 each month
and i noticed that when i'm out the
country i actually can't use it so it's
only in your country 300 equinox i think
this is 300 for the whole year so if you
guys go to equinox i guess that's worth
it
shop at sacks fifth so fifty dollars
each quarter i believe uh not a hundred
dollars flat and then we got the hotel
collection and the 179 dollars to clear
i've been to so many airports and i
think clear is only in the us
so that's
it doesn't sign that much faster anyways
uh hilton honors gold status and
marriott gold status which is great
because you get room upgrade you get a
bunch of benefits when you go to any
hilton or marriott chain which they got
a lot of and then here's the centurion
lounge plus complimentary guests
and then you get global entry and tsa
pre-check it's going to save you a lot
of time i think tsa pre-checks like 85
and the global entry is 95 so i mean the
annual fee is 6.95 right now
if you guys think this is worth it for
you if you travel a ton i would suggest
if you don't travel that much probably
don't get this card so i completely
forgot one of the most important things
probably the most important thing is
this welcome bonus so you gotta spend
six thousand dollars to get right now
they're doing an offer 120 000 american
express points which equates like 1500
maybe even more if you transfer even
more the next car is the chase sapphire
reserve card
and right now it's a 550
dollar annual fee and it's 50 000
points if you spend
4 000 in the first three months 50 000
points if you
transfer it into the reserve account
which the account that you have it
becomes 50
stronger so it's 75 000 points 750 what
else are they doing oh keep in mind if
you have other chase cards and you get a
bunch of points from those cards you can
transfer any points into that reserve
account and those points immediately
become 50 stronger that's why i love
that card okay and then you get 300
a year on anything travel so you know
rental cars it's even work when i'm at
restaurants 300 travel credits so that's
super awesome we got tsa pre-check
global entry just like mx it's kind of
like the equivalent to amex no
transaction fees priority pass same as
amex and then luxury hotel benefits yes
yeah that's pretty much everything for
the
the chase app i reserve and all you guys
that have a business and have high
monthly expenses all you drop shippers
out there all you e-commerce gurus i
highly suggest
the amex business gold for
a bunch of reasons so let's go over
there right now to doing an 80k
welcome bonus if you spend ten thousand
dollars in the first three months and if
you have high monthly expenses i suggest
it's ten thousand dollars in three
months not everyone can do that this is
where is the best part okay four times
rewards points on anything business
related sorry not anything two
categories business related so
advertising
is mainly what i use and cost of goods
or shipping you get four times so that's
super super nice and that's up to 150
for the i think it's a whole year so
that's why i have two of those cards
sometimes i go over 295 dollars the most
important part of this card the reason
why i have this card like i said is
because of this four times points that's
the only reason otherwise i wouldn't
have this card because i wouldn't use
any of the other benefits i don't think
there are any other benefits other than
the airline bonus and then this 80 000
point
welcome bonus oh and as you guys know i
do run an online business i got my
shopify store my brand and uh let's show
you
right here so today we are at i don't
know if you can see
3k yesterday
we hit 6k and this is off of a 1k ad
spencer so let me go and hop into my
dashboard so you can see kind of how
much i'm generating from amex business
gold card give you an idea so
yes or was this yesterday yeah the 30th
900 966 dollars and i spent
957 dollars in costco so about a
thousand a day two thousand a day times
four
um and then we were doing that let's say
a monthly basis with that two hundred
and forty thousand hundred twenty
thousand each so that's two thousand
four hundred dollars a month here like
this is yesterday
or the day before yesterday the 29th of
april yesterday 9 20.
it's lower cost good so you know around
1500 to 2 000
a day
on ads and costs of goods so we're
getting a decent amount on these uh
rewards points and you know if i didn't
have these cards then i wouldn't be
generating rewards points this is
another way that i'm able to travel for
free so if you're a complete beginner
and you don't have much of a credit
history and you want to go with a no
annual fee card this one right here i
highly suggest is my very first card i
spoke about this in my last video if you
guys didn't watch it go watch it but um
this one's a mx blue cash everyday card
and it is no annual fee
uh 250 dollars cash back if you spend
two thousand dollars in six months you
guys can't spend two thousand dollars in
six months i i don't know what to say no
apr for an entire year no annual fee at
all no apr for the first year so like i
said it's like a loan
great card highly suggest that if you
guys are just starting out you know
what's crazy i can read your mind i know
exactly what you're thinking you're
thinking do i need an insanely high
credit score to do this and is this
going to affect my credit score so to
address the first question you don't
need an 850 plus quite frankly you don't
even need a 700 plus of course your
credit score matters for your approval
rates but there's many entry-level cars
where you can utilize these same perks
and bonuses and so will this affect my
credit score yes but not dramatically so
it might knock your score down a couple
points but it's not a hard inquiry so
you don't have to worry about that too
much i will say if you are going to
apply for a big loan or if you're going
to try and get a house probably wait
sign up for the credit card until after
you get that credit check for your loan
or your house if you need your credit
score to be at a peak but anyway that's
pretty much everything i wanted to cover
in this video i hope you guys got some
value and enjoyed the video and i better
not hear about any of you guys saying
that you are still paying for your
hotels or flights but before i end this
video i want to announce the winner of
the free one-on-one call giveaway for
this week the winner is caroline l
congratulations send me a message on
instagram and we'll schedule a time to
help you out with your business
e-commerce shopify
advertising ventures i love to make
informative content like this and it
seems like it's helping a lot of you
guys out so if you are enjoying this and
you're getting some value and you want
to see more like this
please hit that like button and
subscribe i'll see you guys in the next
video peace
[Music]
[Applause]